# A page resembling possibly useful documentation

Ok so this documentation isn't complete yet, but here goes.

## (Some) commands

&if_canon To run a command, type it out and then press enter to execute the command. Most prompts at the bottom of the screen can be dismissed by pressing enter without a command. Also, if you resize the terminal, hitting enter will re-render the screen.
&if_raw To run a command, type the name of the command. Some one-character commands will be run immediately, while others will require you to hit enter. Most prompts at the bottom of the screen can be dismissed by pressing enter without a command. Also, if you resize the terminal, hitting enter will re-render the screen.

* `u` for up.
* `d` for down.
&if_canon * Just hitting enter without a command or active prompt will go down by a single line rather than half a page.
&if_raw * Or just use the arrow keys.
* `q` (or just plain old C-c) to exit.
* `g` or `go`, followed by a space then a URL, link number, or relative path to navigate to a specific address.
* For page links, you can also just type the link number on it's own.
* `i` is like `g`, but only shows where the provided address points to. Useful for checking where links on the page point to, as well as using `i .` to check the current address.
* `t` to toggle 'table of contents mode', useful for jumping around big documents.
* `b` or `back` to return to the previous web page.
* `h` to toggle history mode.
* `reload` or `refresh` to re-fetch the contents of a page to defeat the (incredibly agressive) page cachce.
* `?` to travel to this page.

## Customisation

You can edit `theme.ini` to change colours and stuff. Supported attributes include:
* bold
* italic
* underline
* Strings matching the regex `(bright-)?(black|red|green|yellow|blue|magenta|cyan|white)-(foreground|background)`

## Program options

The following command line arguments are recognised:
* --ascii
* --no-colour
* --no-raw

## TODO

Here's some stuff that I haven't done, and if I continue working on this project might get around to doing:
* More theming of stuff
* Supporting lists
* Supporting preformatted text (```)
* Supporting TOFU, rather than just trusting every certificate
* Searching pages for text
* Making the requests async, so they can be user-cancelled
* Tabs???
* Jumping to parts of the page (like goto line)
* Making the page cache eventually drop old pages
* Better TUI
* Making mouse scrolling work?

